Document Hafas mgate parameters (#2)
public-transport/transport-apis: readme.md

Both fields should be provided.

### Protocol Specific Options

#### Hafas mgate.exe

```js
"options": {
    "auth": {
        "aid": "...",
        ...
    },
    "checksumSalt": "<hex value>",
    "client": {
        "id": "...",
        "type": "...",
        ...
    },
    "ext": "...",
    "micMacSalt": "<hex value>",
    "version": "1.27"
}
```

The following properties are defined:
* `auth`: JSON object with static authentication information as passed verbatim in Hafas requests. Mandatory for all known endpoints.

> * `checksumSalt`: A string containing a hexadecimal representation of the checksum salt. Mandatory for endpoints using this mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `checksumSalt`: A string containing a hexadecimal representation of the salt to hash the request body with. Mandatory for endpoints using this authentication mechanism.
```

* `client`: JSON object with static client information passed verbatim in Hafas requests.
* `ext`: String with the extension version (?) included in Hafas request.

> * `micMacSalt`: A string containing a hexadecimal representation of the mic/mac checksum salt. Mandatory for endpoints using this mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `micMacSalt`: A string containing a hexadecimal representation the salt to hash the hashed request body with. Mandatory for endpoints using this authentication mechanism.
```
